thank you so much, chris !
and it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this country first, i'm extremely grateful i
and i say that sincerely, partly because mock economy i need that much
 we never talk in my life .
laughter and flew on in force after for eight years near
 is now with have to take before my shoes at night to get on an airplane !
laughter applause i'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me most
laughter it's a true story every bit of this is true .
there was no motorcade but there was
laughter you've heard of phantom limb pain ?
laughter this was a ribbon pull in children's
laughter it was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat once
wehhep 40 .
we got off the fast, we found a shoney's restaurant .
low cost family restaurant chain, for those of you who don't know it,
we went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over tipper's
and she said yes, that's our vice president al gore and his wife, tipper .
and the lot us, he's come down a long way, hasn't he ?
laughter applause there's some kind of a series of epiphanies .
and i began the speech by telling them the story of what had just happened the day before in nashville .
i gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home .
i an asleep on the plane until and during the middle of the night, we landed on the azores islands for refueling .
i woke up, they opened the door, i saw out to get some fresh air, and i looked, and there was a man running across the runway .
and he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, call washington ! call washington !
and then thought to myself, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in washington ?
it was neutral in sign then, i checked and
laughter three days later, i got a very, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and in my case myself, saying, congratulations on the new restaurant partnership with me
 is we need to celebrate each other's successes in life and
laughter i was going to talk about information ecology .
but i was thinking that, since i plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to ted, that maybe i could talk about that another time that
applause chris anderson it's a deal me
i want to start with a couple of i'm going to make some new images, and i'm going to recapitulate them on time and i
nate the slide show by time and give it down
, who believe in, because i learn more about it every time i give it an
it's like beach combing, you know ?
every time the tide comes in and out, you find some more shells .
just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in january .
this is just what the united states of america has
historical average for january is about 32 degrees, last month was 29 .5 degrees .
now, i know that you wanted some more bad news about the environment i'm kidding i
but these are the recapitulation of us and then i'm going to go into new material about what you can do .
but i wanted to elaborate on a couple of these .
first of all, this is where we're projected to go with in about .3 .6 to global warming, under business as usual .
efficiency and conservation it's not a cost, it's a profit .
the sign is not .
but they do that differently for themselves .
but they are also very effective in deflecting from this present
cars and trucks are talked about that in the slideshow, but i want you to put it in perspective within
it's an easy, visible full of information and it should be but there is a global warming pollution that comes from buildings also from cars and trucks and
cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world .
and so we should address that, but it's part of the puzzle .
for other information and as important as cars and trucks it
renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can become sourcey of .
not quite there yet .
ok . now, what can you do ?
most of these expenditures are also profitable .
n suggested automobiles buy a hybrid .
if it because of the other options that are not present .
you have choices with everything you buy, and things that have a harsh environment, or a much less harsh environment on the global climate crisis scale
 making 5 a decision to live a carbon neutral life .
it is easier than you think .
a lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy .
there is a science, science
participant productions convened with its active involvement of leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to produce a consumer friendly carbon calculator .
you can noth calculate what your number is literally are, and then you will be given options to cut out
and by the time the movie comes out in may, this will be updated to 1 .0, and we will have been through development of movie .
next, consider making your business carbon neutral .
again, some of us have done that, and it's not as hard as you think .
integrate climate solutions into all of your buildings, whether you are from the industry, or construction, or design and architecture community .
a, if you have peace money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about ourselves, mistakes or management's
 every time, people do what you pay them to do are
a lot more to be said about that and
teach others, learn about it, talk about it .
the movie is a movie version of the movie i saw two nights ago, except it's a lot more entertaining even
and it comes out in right perspective
many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people make it through
 plant sending only to nashville had
and it's how they link together .
applause where did i get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics ?
we do not function as well even
this used to be a bipartisan issue, and i know that in this group it really is .
make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work .
support the idea of having two carbon dioxide emissions global warming rates and, it seems
here's why as long as the whole world is out of the world system, it's not a choice of others
help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring .
because presently, the politicians do not have means to do what needs to be done with
and in our modern example, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did,
it's now repetition of short, hot button, 30 second, 60 second television ads are
we have to buy a lot of those ads,
let's the constant global warming, as many of you have suggested and
n udes crisis, of climate collapse, but again, those of you who are good at branding, i need your help on this .
somebody said the people we're facing now, a scientist told me, since those two years of being here at the front of a democracy, is a viable, equivalent
laughter that's too true .
again, the republicans state this with all over and out
you have more influence than some of us who are democrats who are
not just this, but connected to the ideas that are here, to bring more coherence to them all
and in the m1, mr spectroscopy state of the prostate after current is shown in red you will see it diminishing after a year .
but the people in asia are starting to eat like we are, which is why they're starting to get sick like we are .
i have a doppelganger that
 we read this time it is a brilliant but slightly mad scientist in the dragonball z android saga .
that's not what i do optical mind control .
laughter but in contrast to my evil twin who is under influence of domination, my motives are not evil .
a 2 sense in order to understand how far in other
now wait a minute, you may say, how can you go straight to building the solution without understanding it first ?
isn't that processing the space before the al ?
central neuroscientists agree with this view and think that understanding will come from a detailed observation and analysis .
they say, if we could record the activity of our neurons, we would know the brain does
but, for a moment what that means does
take a look at what brain activity might look like,
in this simulation, each black dot is one decision cell used
the dot is visible, a cell fires an electrical impulse that
there were 50,000 neurons here .
so you're looking at roughly one percent of the brain of a cockroach .
your brains are about 100 million times more complicated .
somewhere, in a pattern like this, is you, your perceptions, your emotions, your memories, your plans for the future .
but we don't know where, since we don't know how to read the hand .
we don't understand the code used by the brain .
to make progress, we need to break the code up
so in this situation too, to decode the information contained in patterns like this, images alone won't do .
we need to rearrange the words in
in other words, instead of recording the activity of neurons, we need to  control individual
it's not essential that we can control the activity of all neurons in the brain, just some .
the more targeted our interventions, the better an
and i'll show you in a moment how we can achieve the system like that
and since i'm realistic, rather than grandiose, i don't claim that the ability to control the function of the nervous system will at once unravel all its mysteries or
but we'll certainly learn a lot by
now, i'm by no means the first person to realize how powerful a tool intervention is .
the history of attempts to tinker with the way of the nervous system is long and illustrious .
it dates back at least 600 years, to have visible, famous works in the late 18th century and beyond .
galvani showed that a frog's legs twitched when he connected the lumbar nerve to a source of electrical current he
this experiment revealed the first, and perhaps most fundamental, nugget of the neural code that information is written in the form of electrical impulses .
galvani's approach of probing the nervous system with electrodes has remained state of the art until today, despite a number of drawbacks .
sticking wires into the brain is obviously rather crude,
it's hard to do in animals that must run, and there is a physical limit to the number of molecules that can be inserted simultaneously across
so around the turn of the last century, i started to think, wouldn't it be wonderful if we could take this logic and turn it upside down with
such an approach would alone, in a flash of light, overcome many of the obstacles to discovery which
first, it's clearly a non invasive, wireless form of communication other
and second, just as in a radio broadcast, you can communicate with many receivers at once .
you don't need to live where these kids are, and it doesn't matter if these kids move in here of the time in your car .
it gets even better, for it turns out that we can fabricate the membrane out of materials that are encoded in dna themselves
so the nerve cell with the right genetic makeup will spontaneously produce a decision that allows us to control its own development
i think you'll appreciate the beautiful simplicity of code this does
there's no choice ' gizmos here, just biology od . biology .
now let's take a look at these complex building up through an
as we zoom in on one of these purple neurons, we see that its outer membrane is alsoudded with microscopic pores .
p11 code iri mine is i responsible for all the communication in the ability system and
but these pores here are special .
they are coupled to light receptors similar to the ones in your eyes or
whenever a flash of light hits a receptor, the pore opens, an electrical current is switched on, and the neuron fires electrical impulses .
because the light activated pore is encoded in dna, we can achieve incredible precision .