i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday december and i would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .
yes mr evans i feel an initiative of the type you have just suggested would be entirely appropriate . if the house agrees i shall do as mr evans has suggested .
madam president on a point of order . i would like your advice about rule concerning inadmissibility . my question relates to something that will come up on thursday and which i will then raise again .
madam president coinciding with this year s first part session of the european parliament a date has been set unfortunately for next thursday in texas in america for the execution of a young year old man who has been sentenced to death . we shall call him mr hicks .
mrs plooij van gorsel i can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the quaestors meeting on wednesday . it will i hope be examined in a positive light .
mrs lynne you are quite right and i shall check whether this has actually not been done . i shall also refer the matter to the college of quaestors and i am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .
madam president mrs diez gonzalez and i had tabled questions on certain opinions of the vice president mrs de palacio which appeared in a spanish newspaper . the competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part session .
i would ask that they reconsider since this is not the case . the questions answered previously referred to mrs de palacio s intervention on another occasion and not to these comments which appeared in the abc newspaper on november .
mr berenguer fuster we shall check all this . i admit that at present the matter seems to be somewhat confused . we shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .
the next item is the verification of the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the conference of presidents at its meeting of january pursuant to rule of the rules of procedure . no amendments have been proposed relating to monday and tuesday .
the group of the party of european socialists requests that a commission statement be included on its strategic objectives for the next five years and on the administrative reform of the commission .
i would like mr baron crespo who made the request to speak to propose it . that is if he so wishes of course . then we shall follow the usual procedure hearing one speaker in favour and one against .
madam president the presentation of the prodi commission s political programme for the whole legislature was initially a proposal by the group of the party of european socialists which was unanimously approved by the conference of presidents in september and which was also explicitly accepted by president prodi who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech .
madam president i really am quite astonished at mr baron crespo s behaviour and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on wednesday s agenda .
madam president i would like to make it very clear that above all the commission has absolute respect for the decisions of this parliament and amongst those the decision establishing its agenda . we therefore respect whatever parliament may decide .
but i would also like to make it very clear that president prodi made a commitment to this parliament to introduce a new debate as mr baron crespo has reminded us which would be in addition to the annual debate on the commission s legislative programme on the broad areas of action for the next five years that is to say for this legislature .
therefore madam president i would like to repeat that the commission has debated the action plan for the next five years and when parliament decides this week if that is the decision we are prepared to come and explain the programme for the next five years and next month the programme for which is what we fully agreed upon .
parliament rejected the request president . still on the subject of wednesday s sitting i have another proposal regarding the oral question on capital tax . the ppe de group is requesting that this item be taken off the agenda .
ladies and gentlemen once again we see it is essential for members to bring their voting cards along on a monday . clearly there is a problem here . that being the case i shall have to make a decision .
madam president i do not wish to reopen the debate but i had also asked for the floor to comment on mr baron crespo s motion . you did not call me either . i regret this but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .
madam president if the vote records correctly how my group voted i shall not and cannot object to that . if your ruling is that i cannot give an explanation of vote i accept that but with reservations .
we shall pay particular attention to the wording of the minutes as we always do of course . if they do not properly reflect the positions adopted then we may correct them if necessary .
the next item is the report a by mr koch on behalf of the committee on regional policy transport and tourism on the common position adopted by the council with a view to adopting a european parliament and council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road rail or inland waterways c cod .
madam president first of all i should like to thank mr koch for his report which has at its heart the issue of transport safety . the report looks at the issue of harmonising the examination requirements for safety advisors working in the areas of transportation of dangerous goods by road rail and inland waterway . i congratulate him on his excellent report .
furthermore it has transpired that research in the ports in belgium finland but also in japan has shown that of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment . in short the issue is an important one .
madam president the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this parliament and rightly so . the ever increasing volume of goods passing through europe entails all kinds of risks known and unknown for employees and the social environment .
mr president i would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur mr koch on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal in the end there is only one amendment on the requirements for the aptitude examination for safety advisers in the transport of dangerous goods by road rail or inland waterway .
we understand that it is important that the two institutions parliament and commission cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the committee on regional policy and in particular the transport group is magnificent .
the common position includes practically all of the amendments accepted by the commission and harmonises the minimum examination requirements for safety advisers and at second reading we can accept the amendment on the proposed date which is much more realistic than the one originally suggested by the commission bearing in mind that we have now spent several years debating this question .
finally i would like to say that we have to consider safety in all types of transport . this week we will be holding a debate here on the safety of sea transport in light of the erika disaster and in the course of this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms of the safety of air transport .
the next item is the report a by mr koch on behalf of the committee on regional policy transport and tourism on the proposal for a european parliament and council directive amending directive ec on the approximation of the laws of the member states with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road com c cod .
mr president colleagues a happy new year and millennium to you all . i am speaking for the first time in this plenary part session so this is quite exciting for me a little like first love although that did last longer than two minutes .
mr president with your permission i should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate . i thought that it was quite superb .
on the subject at hand i think that the people of europe must be able to be confident that the goods however dangerous they are which are transported on europe s roads railways and so on are as safe as possible . this directive is a contribution to this .
what we are doing today is essentially a nuisance . the rapporteur mr koch to whom we express our thanks for the work which he has done on this has already pointed out that basically everything could have been somewhat more advanced had it not been for the inactivity on the part of the cen which has been very dilatory in drawing up and adapting the directive .
that is why we can only hope and we should resolve all of this this week that in we will finally have community regulations for the transport of dangerous goods by road so that we have a degree of legal certainty here and also so that our roads are a good deal safer .
in general i would urge that the transport of dangerous goods is transferred more to rail . in this context when planning future railway tracks or motorways a preventative approach should be taken and the appropriate long term solution built into the process early on . i would remind you of the brenner base tunnel which has not been touched on even indirectly .
while i am on the subject i would also like to point out that transport problems are one of the key issues facing the eu and call on the commission to give due attention to this . we need to have much more probing and vigorous debate on cutting down on transport heavy rail traffic road pricing and railway privatisation with a view to improving functionality .
considering that enlargement towards the east will create a few more problems then it becomes clear to us all that the future credibility of the eu will depend on whether and in what manner we succeed in sorting out the transport situation .
this is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned . if we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also as far as possible apply to every country .
i would like to say with regard to mr swoboda s comments on the activity of the cen that we are urging them to speed up their work as much as possible because it would be terrible if despite the new deadline we were to find ourselves after a year and a bit with the same difficulties because their work has not been concluded .
the next item is the report a by mrs schroedter on behalf of the committee on regional policy transport and tourism on the communication from the commission in the field of the structural funds and their coordination with the cohesion fund guidelines for programmes in the period com c cos .
parliament was not in a position to go into the content of the guidelines because it was not consulted until the legislative period was long since past . now that the programming phases are so far on there is little point in starting from scratch again . that is why in my report i concentrate on the strategic nature of the instrument with the blessing of the committee .
i therefore expect the commission to take parliament s demands seriously in the course of the negotiations and to actually put the european position into practice here giving a progressive regional policy a chance at long last .
mr president it is particularly pleasing for me to make my first speech in the european parliament on what is regarded as the most important issue within that part of the united kingdom that i represent in this parliament namely wales .
finally as the committee representing energy we would have liked the issue of support for renewable energy resources from cohesion and regional development funds to have been emphasised still more thus through a process of coordination increasing the use of renewables so that the scant funding resources in the energy programme might have been compensated by means of these more substantial sums .
mr president i would very much like to thank mrs schroedter for the work she has done on this and to explain to colleagues that i am speaking for my colleague mrs flautre who followed this for the committee on employment and social affairs but who is unfortunately ill .
i would like to draw people s attention to amendments nos and which were agreed by the committee on employment and social affairs but not accepted by the committee on regional policy transport and tourism . these amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .
in the past this parliament has viewed the social economy as an important potential provider of employment . these amendments also fit in with this parliament s view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action . we hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both parliament and their citizens who are seeking employment .
this lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to the establishment of companies and the creation of jobs . we have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the european union . agriculture only provides . of employment in the union . furthermore three quarters of our farm workers are part time and require supplements to their incomes .
therefore we support the establishment of an agricultural and rural development policy which is consistent with the objectives we have set . we want rural areas at the dawn of the st century to be competitive and multi functional both with regard to agriculture and with regard to opening up to the diversity of non agricultural activities .
it is important to prioritise general criteria for land planning and demographic equilibrium and to bear in mind the conclusions of the committee on agriculture and rural development on the five fundamental issues which have been only partly taken up by the committee on transport regional policy and tourism in its points and .
in conclusion i would ask the commission to take these five points into account when establishing the conclusions on the four pillars because i believe that for the european union maintaining the population in rural areas must be one of the priority objectives .
we feel that it is important that the commission takes account of the conclusions adopted by this parliament at least in spirit because at this stage it might seem as though what we are doing here is a useless exercise and nothing but hot air .
the truth of the matter though is that we believe and this is also shown in the way the conclusions have been drafted that the commission must take account of what is adopted by this parliament particularly in the face of an interim revision of these directives .
it is important to identify the skills and potential of our regions in the hi tech sector . it is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that europe is rapidly losing ground to the us in the hi tech growth industries of the future .
the operation of the previous round of programmes is also very instructive in telling us what guidelines should not be about . they should not be about creating additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape . they should not be about shifting priorities and policies halfway through project development resulting in inevitable delays and underspends particularly in the light of the new budgetary requirement .
the implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer either in the commission or in the civil service . there must be an internal coherence in the commission directorate while respecting the specific local and regional aspects of commission programmes .
while the report was being prepared it was interesting to discuss the union s regional policy in general . for us new members it was the first time and this was a very interesting process . this report is very good and our group supports it .
mr president commissioner as proof that this parliament has not yet overcome its role as a consultative and subordinate institution the excellent report by a fellow member of my group elisabeth schroedter has not been able to reach plenary sitting because the plans for regional development for the period for objective regions have been sitting in the commission s offices for several months .
the structural funds have played a key role in the development both of urban and rural parts of peripheral countries mainly through the upgrading of roads water treatment and related transport networks . this process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the eu leaders at their berlin summit last year which were supported by parliament at its last may plenary part session .
mr president on numerous occasions in the past i have disagreed with the rapporteur on her approach to regional policy issues . this time however i actually agree with her . whether or not this will encourage her to continue along the same path i cannot say . nevertheless i would like to commend her on her work .
mr president commissioner in this minute and a half i should like first of all to congratulate mrs schroedter . i know many have already done so but she has indeed earned our praise for being particularly open and attentive to proposals from all sides and i think it is this openness which has given her report the quality we see today .
the first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies . subsidies are not enough to ensure development when infrastructure and public services are lacking . we must ask ourselves a fundamental question how can we ensure that union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for regional development ?
the second challenge is that of enlargement which will of course have a considerable impact both in budgetary and geographical terms . these are two areas of action which i invite the commissioner to set up and in which i would ask him to involve us .
for example in recent years italy has had problems in utilising the structural funds mainly because of excessive bureaucracy insufficient information and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level .
i will conclude mr president by saying that the failure of the commission s communication to focus on territorial pacts and especially methods of combating unemployment among women and young people is cause for serious concern .
the report itself is well intentioned but as so often when we deal with these issues lacks clarity of purpose and a sound basis for operability . that is why i and my group are proposing three key amendments and additions to the text not to take anything away from the proposal but to make it more relevant to those whom it is there to guide .
in closing i would like to point out that the structural policies as a whole require greater flexibility so that they can adapt to changing circumstances and thereby respond to the new challenges and opportunities of the new millennium for which we all hope for the best .
mr president mrs schroedter s report undoubtedly contains several important observations and i would like to congratulate her on that . however i feel that we should be a little more concerned about the actual direction and outcome of the community s regional policy .
the union s economic and social policy is just as much to blame for that as its regional policy . a large section of the union s population has strongly condemned this policy for being dangerous and anti grass roots . unfortunately the new guidelines seem to be heading in the same direction and there are no signs that things will change once they have been implemented .
i am particularly in favour of a proposed amendment tabled by my group to paragraph to ensure an appropriate level of private sector involvement in the planning and implementation of the projects . i should be very grateful mrs schroedter if you would actually include this proposed amendment in the part relating to subsidiarity in your positive deliberations .
commissioner please read the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs and treat it as a matter of priority because this is our citizens greatest problem . please take account in strategic terms in the revision and in the allocation of reserves of employment needs because this fundamentally is what the structural funds and the cohesion funds require .
mr president it is important that the guidelines head in the right direction and that they guarantee the effectiveness of the programmes of the crucial seven year period so as to ensure sustainable development and job creation particularly for women and young people and ensure a balance is struck between economic and social policy and regional policy .
so ladies and gentlemen i should like in a moment to return to the role and structure of the guidelines before mentioning the principal comments and criticisms that you mrs schroedter and the various members of this house have made .
the second priority which several of you have stressed mr puerta in particular but there were others not that i am mentioning them in any order of priority is the strengthening of social cohesion and of employment particularly by raising the profile of human resources far more so than in the past .
these are the reasons why the guidelines are presented according to thematic priorities since they must be taken into consideration under each of the objectives to different extents in accordance with the specific situations of each of the member states and regions .
the next item is the debate on the report a by mr berend on behalf of the committee on regional policy transport and tourism on the sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the regions of the european union sec c cos .
the corollary to this it has to be said is that measures for the retraining and ongoing training of the work force are of no small importance either . in addition more attention must be given to boosting entrepreneurial potential in small and medium sized enterprises and the services they call upon must be developed further .
mr president the group of the party of european socialists in this parliament agrees with the report that mr berend has just presented and congratulates the author both on the quality of his conclusions and on his flexibility which ensured that the different groups were able to incorporate amendments in committee .
thus mr president i ask my fellow members to approve this report and i ask the commission as other speakers have done to take good note of the conclusions of their sixth periodic report when they address the programming for the period .
mr president commissioner mr berend s report is precisely in line with the strategy determined by the european commission inasmuch as the question of increasing competitiveness is brought right to the fore . the overarching objectives of the structural funds such as job creation boosting equality of opportunity increasing the sustainability of employment and development are only mentioned in passing .
the key goal of the structural funds is to strengthen social and economic cohesion between the regions within the european union . by stimulating a diversity of investments the european union is endeavouring to increase the gdp per capita and to boost employment .
the principle of specific exceptional treatment was envisaged in article of the treaty of amsterdam in order to deal with such cases . it only remains to put this principle into practice . the commission document expected to be ready in december was delayed until january then february and the initial thinking does not fill me with much optimism .
ladies and gentlemen considerable progress has been made on the road to real convergence particularly for the four cohesion countries but also frankly mr pohjamo for the objective regions which had suffered some delays in terms of development especially regarding infrastructure . this is my first point regarding the policy .
mr president i respond to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the president of the house to speak on behalf of my group on a matter referred to in the minutes . i refer to item on the order of business .
mr president concerning item of the minutes on the order of business we agreed yesterday to have the bourlanges report on today s agenda . however it was withdrawn from the committee on budgets last night without being discussed or voted on . it therefore needs to be withdrawn from today s agenda .
mrs ahern we have taken note of this . i would ask you to bring this specific case which has to do with the ventilators on a particular floor to the attention of the quaestors who are in fact responsible for the matter . we will also pass this on to our services however . thank you very much .
a by mr von wogau on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the commission white paper on modernisation of the rules implementing articles and of the ec treaty com c cos
a by mr jonckheer on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the seventh survey on state aid in the european union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors . com c cos report
a by mr langen on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the commission report on the implementation in of commission decision no . ecsc of december establishing community rules for state aid to the steel industry steel aid code . com c cos .
mr president ladies and gentlemen the commission s white paper on modernisation of the european competition rules has ignited intense and lively debate amongst interested members of the public . the reactions from experts and persons affected range from complete rejection to unconditional support . what is this white paper in fact about ?
the committee on economic and monetary affairs gave its blessing in principle to these proposals put forward by the commission with only one vote against and two abstentions . however it will only be possible to form a conclusive assessment once the currently awaited bills produced by the commission are published .
as far as the competence of the national courts is concerned we recommend in this report that specialised courts be set up for dealing with monopolies law proceedings . these are already in existence in certain member states and they have proved successful .
mr president commissioner today we are engaged in an important debate about the european union s competition policy . we are debating a highly controversial modernisation proposal for european monopolies law that is mr von wogau s report and it is far more controversial than the vote in the committee on economic and monetary affairs may have given us reason to believe .
mr president commissioner ladies and gentlemen the report which i have the opportunity to propose to you today is an opinion on the commission s annual report on the state aid in force within the european union and for which the community is authorised under articles and of the treaties .
and finally in conclusion our demand regarding the future responsibilities of the european parliament in the matters we are discussing competition policy and state aid in the context of the intergovernmental conference . as you know commissioner our report argues that the codecision procedure should apply in the case of basic legislation on state aid .
mr president commissioner my contribution to today s debate concerns the steel aid code that is the state aid in europe granted in accordance with this code and which was assessed by the commission . there were a total of cases in and the commission submitted its own report on these .
this is the only way to enforce the strict ban on all aid not covered by the code . a council regulation that is directly applicable law must also be observed by the regional governments . what we need to avoid doing in the future is compromising competition conditions and disturbing the balance in the markets .
once the committee on economic and monetary affairs has adopted the draft report unanimously with two abstentions i would ask that we make full use of this opportunity which we have ourselves created in plenary sitting .