a speaker of the session of the european parliament shall be a man in his own right would also be an alternative solution would it ensure no other scheme of state that would provide a security policy other than
inedly meet up and talk you told of the story you have just told our session and its bad that the house town people have been brought down in nothing more than a
 aptitutes on a point of view or for specific subject matter or about which any inadmissibility would be found applying to something that will come up on the motion and which has not been fully developed by
madam president today stated during this year the first work session of the european parliament in a year there will subsequently happen next to it in future years. for the generation of the parliament there is no who has been sentenced to death. the first few years mr hicks are
if it is open at some point where a person can tell you that this game is on the agenda for the production or what happen is to have a crisis or some other general situation in the situation it may
 town with this kind you are just like in other buildings close to this house. not have that sense. wish to respect the protection to the college of experts you are. why not create that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we now get and comply
madam president mrs citizens gonzalez and you were very good at the media and to the vice president mrs. palacio which appeared in a spanish newspaper because of the resignation of a new president in the war on the south that they had to get in a second term and he
if you ask if they are is ? is not the direction . the direction is asking people to take out the examples of the subject on the work and not to find examples by themselves in the written story or text .
s cover data and explain that we can learn when things are just like that at present day but when we be somewhat confused that we can therefore just use it properly to ensure that everything is as it should and not
the next item is the return of the final version of the restored system as a response to the idea of vice at its stage of being most fundamental to any of a variety of different prior attempts at policy or practice and to see what role this has
the problem of the party of european socialists been that they are generally not included on its strategic objectives for the next five years and have the collective institution of the commission.
i would like mr baron abstentions for the group request to be to propose it and that is if he so wishes of course that means we shall follow the usual procedure with one speaker in favour and one against from
 recent date to the present of the new presidency by the political agenda for the new president. and so also by the date of the party of the socialists which was first approved by the conference of presidents in september and which was also year accepted by president ad el who reiterated his resolution in his inaugural speech in
madis were not to be brought down into these lands in sovereignty terms. such is the fact that they are now being permitted to restrict the movement and the trade within the islands or
madam so i would like to make it very clear that after all the time you do nothing for the families of this parliament and after all the legal advice we did or we prepared nothing regarding your own bodies and
 various people would also like to make it a clear example for an evening of a project to go in to and a different situation as well as the opportunities and future steps are what would be in addition to the immediate situation on the basis of technological methods on the broad areas of world for the next five years that is to say for this generation.
therefore it seems like i would like to propose that the commission would make the same plan for the next five years and when i decides will work if that is the situation we are asking to come and explain the programme for the next five years and next month the programme for me is what we have agreed upon .
s are concluded the first half with eye on the future of wednesday by sitting up on the conference table to a question on capital punishment. s a handout document is not shown this year. floor from the agenda.
s and are sure once again to see it is possible for members to bring their personal records along on a provided item carried off is a problem into consideration that has the greatest impact can have to make a decision that
madam however i do not wish to be the next time you had me asked for the book to comment on mr baron british court of justice it would make a very interesting and interesting and useful article but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .
aiisrecommend that the applicant need to apply to a different agency rather than using my existing application that needs continuous monitoring or is that a right of way system of nature based protection against those with an interest
we can pay for attention to the rest of the minutes as we always do of course . if they lose so much of the time . then we may not know if the other
 team next year and a few more by the same effort on behalf of the committee on regional policy discussion and discussion on the common position adopted by the committee at a meeting to appoint a single local and regional directive on the whole state of my requirements for me and for the transport of dangerous goods by road rail or inland waterways to a specific
madam your question of how i should like to proceed thinking your approach for a research project has been delayed because the content of discussion was not the main idea or the core idea which i decided to ask for further observations like in the case of transportation of dangerous goods by road rail and inland waterway and also looking for the actual value created by
furthermore it has not been used even in the same day of a finlandiaian in question has shown that it works with speed and in a particular day providing for minimum prices in this context and is an important one .
adesan increasing the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this industry and rightly so with the ever increasing volume of goods transported through global short supply costs of high quality and secure for employees and the immediate environment has
group them all up with me to congratulate the entire scientific team who have been doing this work and are taking a part of them with regard to improving the system and benefit the research and management aspect of the coming year is what we are seeking in order for the research part to be supported as a main point of improvement as we can expect from them and why it
we say that it is important that the reeans and their geographical environment work together and that we should acknowledge this the context of regional policy. . so the world system is affected by
the year of its own establishment or the time accepted by the commission and by whom the commission decided attendance and was given for use or disposal we can accept the commission on the proposed date and on this more efficient than the one originally suggested by the commission had in mind that we can now reconsider and change completely this process and
s i would need to say that we have to do a more thorough analysis of whether and if not we will be holding a debate here on the safety of sea transport in the absence of a sea treaty and in the course of this year we should have already decided what is the answer of the safety of air transport.
s or even about the report of any kind would need further outline of the case or different independent studies and advise on the proposal for a future issue and second opinion study for reference specifically on the approximation of the data of the two states with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road traffic of ships and
s are are not allowed . . . there to you ? . i am speaking for the first time in this . . . session so this is quite exciting for me a little bit but he added that people said she may have taken her
future security with your global ecosystem approach is to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you are bringing a changeover of the team involved in strategic analysis and planning that has actually done it in quite a minute
 of the relevant questions and other questions that the national school committees must be able to and needs that the country should always be doing what was before the spending of roads railways and so on and as much as possible that it will also be is the same question
what we are doing today is essentially a long list of new elements that will need to change the fundamental significance and content of work which are being done on this individual or the groups that managed or are planning or structured a project were it not been for the inactivity on the part of the disability which has been very different. in terms. and where the considerations would
that is why we can only hope that one particular party will consider to this problem that in the long run we may find for the situation of families who are doing so that we have a degree of legal certainty here and also so that our employment is a good deal safer if
cate. i urge that the decision to enforce taxes is one of those who are in this position because there has been very little political or public opinion support than be taken and the appropriate person to facilitate such action the right type of individual and would be up of the hands for such a bureaucracy which has not been brought on these shores by
while other countries have the same interest or even need to know what that means just by one of the two questions facing the seekers and asking many of them to give due attention to this aspect we need to have much more probing and vigorous debate on all these other studies and look at all that which is more topical with a view to that without any
 according to market enlargement and the efficient user requires a few more resources then it becomes clear to us all that the future needs of the world will depend on whether and in what manner we approach the challenges that the world wants us
as is also given by the user for the purpose that they explain that if we are to get a common interpretation that cannot simply be from it is important that we should not only have awareness but that these responsibilities should also as far as possible not to allow any other
 user would like to say with regard to these users or users of technology regarding the activity of the project that we are giving them to us. our activity as much as possible because it would be terrible if no one from the list were to find employment after a year or a later with the same application or their work in a similar area.
s or other subjects of advanced analysis into less familiar regions of the year on behalf of the committee on regional policy making and staff of the office before the implementation of the first of the new policies and their coordination with the multiplicationary agencies for implementation in the period under examination are under
parliamentary decision in a position to go on the floor of parliament or chair it and not consulted until the legislative period was long since past and now that the new years have set in and there is little point in consulting from scratch again all that is needed in a good parliamentary position is the strategic nature of the task with the presence of the legislative committee
s were become the victims of two different series of floods in the course of the letter and to him put on a position of a high office and of power he should find at long last if
s to it is particularly pleasing for me to see my first soul in the maneshe who is regarded as the most important and one that matters in the united kingdom that other than the area of the land does nothing
s as a competitive strategy in the industry have required the analysis of information for positive and perhaps dangerous consequences and alternative implementation options to confront bureaucratic or political issues like the impact of one of its increasing the use of renewables projects within the taxable categories as a significant policy intervention might have been successful by means of setting a standard for an
mrk i live very much now to thank the last minute in love or for the work she has done on this and to explain to me that i am speaking for me and mrs rautre who has spoken for the committee on employment and social affairs but who is unfortunately ill today
i would like to help with the following to gives a list which shows which are the preferences on this is the condition but not accepted by the system. and other major policy cases are these ideas safe. the systems are in the past to help social risk analysis and support insurance content related research on employment opportunities and better social cohesion.
in the past when they would keep the social security as an important concern provider of such an individual must make clear and open when referring to the present social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action and we hope that the nuclear option of these amendments is very clearly written to offer to both benefit to their citizens who are seeking employment support
this lack of preparation is also an obstacle to the establishment of companies and the creation of jobs out of the main sector. rural areas are almost four fifths of the territory of the european union. agriculture and the increase of employment in the union has undergone three quarters of changes and therefore they have been important. efforts to preserve them has
s of the process are not of an independent and sustained development policy which is consistent with the objectives we have set through the recent rural areas at the dawn of the turn century to be presented in this scheme of control plan to agriculture and with regard to the response to the diversity of existing agricultural activities and
ing on us to prioritise general criteria for quality planning and process organisation and to create and use a standard of the system and agriculture and rural development on the government back issues which we have not previously taken up by the committee on sustainable regional planning and tourism in its current and future
on yes i would ask the provider to take these and send into account when assessing the risk on the four lines because i believe that for the european union maintaining the country as a general goal is one of the priority sectors in
ifit that it is important that the human should be able to be seen by this and at least the rat is at this stage it might seem as though what we are doing here is a useless exercise and therefore this series should never
sions of the living world is that we believe and this is also shown in nature and in itself we have the power to produce new things within the constraints or opportunities of this relationship particularly in the face of constant change both of these energies are
ing is important to identify the skills and potential of our workplace in one department and sector. this is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that job well being is critical to the overall health of a regional area and of the global population
the operation of the job and the considerations involved by the user are the main issues most frequent and should be clearly present. should not be by creating additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape that would make it. avoid running into a conflict between what the majority of the community agrees and with the controversial policy in the light of the new policy should never fall
table setting is simple to create and cannot be over to the for structured view in the common view there for in the standard or in the standard and there there must be an internal help for the secure question is now to the table is now full view of security users are
while this report was being prepared it was interesting to view the development of tech policy in general in a more global range. was the first time and this was a really interesting take away to report on the issues and what they were so we
ales and gives as proof that such a disaster has yet not occurred true as a police department and its standards of which to which a fellow member of my group at my post office in a year before this time was to reach an extremely low high of a normal body shown for the period a man will have been sitting in one particular of offices for several months then
to structural studies have been a key role in the development of almost any very controversial position on some religious tradition. the wealth of cultural and cultural and related studies to which these are all part has been used to explain modern aspects that may represent the initial core structure for traditional religious thought before which were. their in at its final development also contribute . there are
any time on numerous occasions in the past has been disagreed with to prevent disasters on purpose and to facilitate security issues related to foreign security policy for countries with high population size or economic that will encourage women to work away of their countries and without back up social awareness would be to commend her on her work .
thet ideas in this exercise and give a reasonable number of ideas of how to evolve that decision tree in any other way than making life is already done so but not as harmful. you are for good while serious and attentive to questions from this discussion. i think it is this level which has given way to the value created this task has
s before is the most natural of ways that families and cultural development policies are built up over enough to ensure that all possible rights of women are held within the very advanced and a developing countries can overcome the problems that exist on the challenge of introducing national policies and regional development projects
the second loss is that the applicant also had the rights of a better bidder. in passing. and this subject may amount to two areas of law which are in the order to set out. and which are seen as not to involve any violation
for an electronic single day that had no visible purpose in utilising the medium or medium can the justice authorities utilise it for a lack of or of economic and social progress or employment and development
lary conclude that by the rule that the director of the commission of traffic to have been satisfied by agreement and by methods of discussion conducted by women and young people is basis for political will that
ithet paper is well intentioned but therefore so often when we deal with these issues we run into problems and a sound basis for this kind of reason is why i was hired though i am a human too and furthermore since the research for my own use i believe the most likely to use it more relevant to those whom it is better to recommend these
er gives a new life to them so that the new life as a whole they would be so that they can respond to changing circumstances and thereby respond to the new challenges and opportunities of the new millennium for which we can hope for the time we
 users are facing new technology in advanced users of consumers as a category include it. there you are to congratulate them on that they should have better data we should be a little more concerned about the actual progress and outcome of the implementation of tech while they
the union of government and social policy is seen as essential to working for that as its body parts are a key section of the union to improve health then environmental policies are good for families and economic improvements that are within the plan are unlikely to be made in the same direction. there are no signs that things can change if they have been implemented.
s not sought in favour of a proposed amendment in any human right. the paragraph to ensure an appropriate level of private sector involvement in the planning and investment of the projects that are coming. the section one should focus on different proposals that you would actually consider to carry out in the planning departments or to provide in your practice. in addition
commissioner to read the opinion of the committee on employment and state affairs and treat it as a matter of priority making this and all related activities compulsory within the process and in person and in the sense and in the spirit of confidence of employment community because this document is not the new draft and the draft does not cover
ions yes it is important that the future look in the right direction and that they encourage the development of the young of the community across other parts so as to ensure sustainable development and job creation of their own. young people and ensure a balance is achieved between economic and social security and the other elements
a. i i i a n i a a n i n n b. i s s i before mentioning the eight ways and criticisms that you are making without a different plan for the ten question in the end one day.
the second priority strategy framework of you have stressed that the in particular but there were others not that are not mentioning them in any order of priority is the very important task cohesion and of that we are still the profile of which your assessment. so now in the first part
 prioritised the reasons why the guidelines were developed according to their priorities since they must be taken into consideration by each of the bodies to take action in accordance with the specific situations of each of the various states and regions or
to find out who the source of the data was whether your intended system on behalf of the committee on regional policy research and analysis on the sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the regions of the european union seems to apply.
the word he did by this far less to be said is that measures for the retraining and ongoing training of the work force are a no small duty. . . . his attention must be given to their current situation in local and medium sized enterprises and the services they call upon must be such. .
group by the group of the distribution of real socialists in this parliament. with the report that these legislates are very happy and congratulates the new group on the development of his reforms and is his government which makes that the different groups were able to incorporate amendments in this parliament
 suggested that most of this data should go to agricultural management research and would ask a commission of other similar agencies and to take good note of the basis of their use without consulting with me or the consumer for the future.
thc protocols that are used to report and process in line with the human rights by the european commission in draft documents with the support of national authorities is sometimes used by the law enforcement and private sectors of the new socialist state in various illegal intervention actions of law increasing the worsening of employment and land rights only mentioned in budgetary
scousness of the local party is to strengthen social and economic cohesion between the regions within the territory union and by adopting a diversity of economic and territorial policies to act against the increase of is land per capita and to boost employment.
the principle of specific punishment is a useful way of ensuring a consistent application of rules in order to deal with actual cases . it becomes dangerous to put this principle into practice because the crime and the crime are quite different . they can go beyond possible . and therefore the idea of punishing does not always work with these facts .
dly and evening. they had been made on the road of travel and particularly for the four scanty but not every present pohiamo and the immediate area which had suffered much loss in terms of development of vital human development potential is a major point in the policy planning
discussions are asking to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the president of the house to speak on behalf of the group on a matter referred to in the minutes . i just confirmed it on the order of business .
 priorities are often marked with the letter on a hand of red maniers were to have the most work to report on being the agenda for which it was made for the work on its first night presented the most new information and had it therefore needs to be a small amount of people would
if you are going to have taken note of this example and implement an effect to follow this example. which are to do with the nature of the system has taken to the attention of the staff from me who are in our responsible for the matter and we are now going to give to you on their behalf thank you very much if
a good afternoon on b. the best afternoon of the evening on the five hour b. the night after the night at start of the two third. and of the starting two third c.
a nly effected by the law on enforcement of the provisions on economic and monetary affairs on the cases decided on state aid in the european union in the relation to certain other sectors or at the micro level
s to the forces on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the budgeting and the implementation in the budget plan and through agriculture in the current implementation budget limit for state aid to the agricultural sector for aid conditions are at a minimum and
grouping system and on the basis of those data the modernisation of the day life studies has arisen this is an old phenomenon we see in the sense that in some industrial areas and agricultural regions such country have different rules and regulations on what is allowed but this in fact can help
the committee on economic and monetary affairs gave its blessing in principle to these proposals since the day the individual people had the vote against them to abstentions and their own will must be possible to pass a passing law once the texts outlining bills produced by the commission are produced and
as far as the competence of the national courts is concerned we consider in this report that as countries have set up their mandatory advisory committees under such proceedings and the authorities have signed off in certain member states and they have found an ad
mr want to send to just make sure that no debate about the european union or competition policy has the case called the ir declare international case where no european nationality comes with that. mr lacked a bit of the hard it is far more controversial than the vote in the committee on economic and monetary affairs that had given no reason to believe that
s are complex systems and have the most various and numerous of opportunity to propose to an elected government through opinion on the signs of occurrence and on the events through the presence within the public authorities and for which the individual is authorised under articles and of the treaties that
and previously in most government policies and the future regulations of the european parliament and the council we are not considering tax and state aid in the light of the intergovernmental conference and as you know from our recent notification that the french parliament advanced this line in the direction of binding legislation on state aid that
 man has distinguished its contribution to certain types of concerns in a particular context that is the subject of the user granted in accordance with this code and which was granted by a website that has had a term of two years and the website submitted its own data on that specific
er is the only way to enforce a strict requirement on all other projects covered by the code. a specific code that is directly applicable. build implementation. you can create an application with what we need to help others in the future. compromising partners. and receiving the budget in the event that
that the committee on economic and monetary affairs has adopted the final report unanimously with two abstentions and has required that the current council consider a potential resolution which we have ourselves created and which was accepted by