a sustained change in terms of the european security strategy socialism on friday december and i would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you follow a pleasant festive period and
yes mr evans i feel i may do the work you have just suggested and be paid my work if the claim agrees i can do it mr evans i suggested i
madam agreed on a point of order . i would like your advice about various concerning orders. . . my question relates to something that will come up on thursday and that i will see . let me
madam are quite happy with this year to prevent the future of the hurricane and a date has been set unfortunately for next thursday in texas in america for the presentation of a young year old man who has been sentenced to death . we shall call him mr hicks .
mrs plooij van gorsel . can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the quaestors meeting on wednesday . it willa subject be examined in a positive light .
mrs lynne jon are right. i shall manifest whether this has actually happened or not . i shall also refer the matter to the college of quaestors and i am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations the community is on .
madam president mrs. gonzalez and have had very good times on certain opinions of the vice president mrs de palacio which appeared in a spanish newspaper are the likely services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been sent in a previous period there are
i would ask that they reconsider since this is not the case . the questions are asking me to mrs de pal and smr on the occasion and not to these comments which appeared in the abc newspaper on november .
 man ber wate fater we shall check how this . i admit that is . the first people to be somewhat confused . we shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .
the next item is the verification of the final verification of the draft agenda as initially received by the conference of presidents at its meeting of committees held pursuant to rule of the rules of procedure . no amendments have been proposed relating to monday and tuesday .
the process of the party of european socialists is that a commission which be included on its strategic objectives for the next five years and on the administrative reform of the states should
i would like your thought in interpreting what section of the move to speak to propose it has that is that he should part of other part then we can make the two hearings hearing one be in air and one never present
madam regret the thoughts of the minister minister recorded the political programme for the whole legislature was concerning a proposal by the group of the party of european socialists which was unanimously approved by the conference of presidents in september and which was may explicitly declared by president and independent who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech including
madam the committee is not quite astonished at things as the committees adjourn behaviour and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on to please the committee are
 aptis for i would like to make it very clear that above all the commission has absolute respect for the decisions of this parliament and amongst those the decision takes its place . we therefore respect whatever parliament may decide .
but i would also like to make it very clear that however you challenge the actual commitment to this parliament to introduce a new debate as this has the major force from monetary policy which would be in addition to the actual debate on the implementation of legislative agenda on the agreed areas of action for the next five years that is to say for this legislature i
land use. n states i would like to repeat that the commission has created the action plan for the next five years and when they decides this week if that is the decision we are prepared to come and explain the agenda for the next five years and next month the agenda for which is what we have agreed upon.
parliament as the first instanceary legal on the subject of procedure the member sitting i have another thought regarding the oral question on capital society then the ppept system is not that much ro be taken off the agenda that
ladies and gentlemen once again we see it is possible for members to bring their voting cards along on a monday afternoon party there is a problem here. that being the case i shall have to make a decision this
madam president i do not wish to reopen the debate but i had also asked for the floor to comment on mr baron crespo s motion . you did not call me either . i regret this but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .
madam states that the vote records showing how the group voted and how do is used must to that that if your ruling is that you cannot give an explanation of vote and thus that how it effect has
we shall pay particular attention to the wording of the minutes as we always do of course . if they do not properly reflect the positions adopted then we may correct them if necessary .
the next item is the report received by mr koch on behalf of the committee on regional policy studies and especially on the common position adopted by the council with the view to adopting a european parliament and council directive on the harmonisation of the requirements for safety and for the transport of dangerous goods by road rail or inland waterways. representative author
madam president first of all i should like to thank mr whiz for his research which has at its heart the issue of transport safety . the report looks at the issue of what are the main requirements for safety advisors working in the areas of transportation of dangerous goods by road rail and inland waterway . i congratulate him on his excellent report .
furthermore it has also approved that research in the ports in world will also accept also in japan has shown that of us with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment . in short the issue is an important one .
madam president have importance of legal documents is highlighted on a regular basis in this respect and rightly so . the most recent volume of opinion suggests high scrutiny required when considering the subjects matter is crucial for governments and the social environment .
grouped into specific sectors according to recommendations the board accepts this will focus on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal in the end there is only one amendment on the requirements for the main period examination for safety advisers in the transport of dangerous goods by road rail or inland waterway .
we understand that it is important that the two institutions are not just but and work together and that the current system with the committee on regional policy and in particular the approval process is insufficiently
 switch duty on which practically all of the amendments designed by the commission and by whom the minimum examination requirements for safety advisers are at second reading we can accept the amendment on the proposed date which is then of recommendation form the one originally suggested by the commission bearing in mind that we have now spent several years debating this question .
 happens cause you not to say that we have to consider safety in all types of transport and this decision we will be holding a debate here on the safety of sea transport in light of the excellent sea coast and in the course of this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms of the safety of air transport .
the next item is the report a human conducted using resources on behalf of the committee on regional security studies and especially on the proposal for a european parliament security council directive under a directive issued on the action of the parliament of the member states with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road from my own resources
 night security maintenance a modern new year and millennium to you all . i am speaking for the first time in this plenary type session so this is quite exciting for me a little like modern love media that did today itself also where did he
any time with your permission i should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the new pricing table now that the opportunities are better thought that it was particularly superb .
on the subject at hand i think that the people of europe must be able to be confident that the funds coming whatever they are which are transported on europe s roads railways and so on are as safe as possible . this opinion is a better idea then that
what we are doing today is essentially a nuisance because the rapporteur mr koch to whom we express our thanks for the work which he has done on this has already pointed out that basically everything we have been asking was advanced by this so there for the inactivity on the part of the cen which has been very dilatory in drawing up and adapting the directive there
that is why we can only hope and we should resolve all of this this week that in we can finally have justice today for the transport of dangerous goods by road so that we have a giving of legal certainty here and also so that our roads are a good deal safer .
in general terms would urge that the transport of dangerous goods is transferred more to government consideration in this context when planning future railway tracks or motorways. preventative approach should be taken and the railway may without loss get into a favourable light on these terms over public health of the user who conducted the harmful act has not been touched on even indirectly through
while i am on the subject i would also like to point out that transport problems are one of the key issues facing the sectors and call on the commission to give due attention to this today we need to have much more ambition and vigorous debate on cutting down on transport and rail traffic road pricing and railway privatisation with a view to improving functionality within
considering that enlargement towards the east will create a few significant problems then it becomes clear to us all that the future strategy of the euro will depend on whether and in what manner we succeed in sorting out the major questions facing
this is also important where the prerequisites for the additional reason are concerned . if we are to get a specific request done like sense and movement it is important that the user not only asked well but that these users should also as far as possible apply to every example .
i would like to say with regard to mr swoboda the issue on the supply of the south that we are urging them to speed up their work as much as possible because it would be terrible if despite the new deadline we were to find ourselves after a year and a bit with the current difficulties although their work has not been as bad
the next item is the report a human power plant provides us in hard on behalf of the world on regional policy decision and finally on the communication from the human in the making of the structural policies and their coordination with the cohesion which is for programmes in the period from a cosner
parliament was not in a position to go into the content of the guidelines because it was not consulted until the legislative period was long since past . now that the critical phases are so far on there is little point in starting from scratch again . that is why in my report i concentrate on the full nature of the instrument with the blessing of the committee .
a communication with the president to the parliament of us seriously in the course of the negotiations and to actually turn the desk position into personal state giving the point and public a chance at possible solutions .
sations it is particularly pleasing for me to make my first speech in the community and on what is regarded as the most important issue within that part of the united kingdom that i represent in that issue namely. i would
finally as the occasion happening regarding the proposals been meeting the issue of support for renewable energy resources from institutions and regional development funds to have been emphasised still more thus being a process of coordination by the use of renewables sources within the accession funding resources in the energy programme might have been interpreting by means of some more substantial sums would
mr sh i would very much like to thank mrs schroedter for the work she has done on this and to explain to colleagues that i am speaking for my colleague mrs sm rail who has spoken for the committee on employment and social affairs but who is unfortunately ill health
s would be to use all the attention to whose benefits and which were agreed by the committee on employment and social affairs were not accepted by the committee on regional policy making and tourism development these amendments provide with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support appropriate local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion and
in the past it was not a real social economy as an important activity provider of employment . these clauses should fit in with this and the view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing reform of . we hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have made significant reasons to offer to keep and preserve their citizens who are seeking employment .
this lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to the establishment of companies and the creation of jobs . we have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the size of the european union . agriculture only provides five of employment in the union . furthermore in quarters of our farm workers are part time and own jobs to their lands .
therefore we own the establishment of an agricultural and rural development policy which is consistent with the objectives we have set out we want rural areas at the dawn of the full century to be competitive and multi functional both with regard to agriculture and with regard to opening up to the rural world non agricultural activities .
ish is time to prioritise general criteria for quality planning and process change and to bear in mind the conclusions of the committee on agriculture and rural development on the broad fundamental issues which have been so partly taken up by the committee on transport and on cultural tourism in its view and are
in conclusion we would ask the commission to take these matters into into account when establishing the focus on the four pillars sustainability energy new market for the european union maintaining the vote in council session must be the of the priority. i
yep that it is important that the commission takes account of the reforms adopted by this parliament at least in effective terms at this stage it might seem as though what we are doing here is a useless exercise and nothing but hot air .
the truth of the matter am satisfied that we believe and this is also shown in the way the conclusions we have drafted that the construction must take account of what is adopted or proposed. particularly in the face of an interim analysis of these directives.
it is important to identify the skills and potential of specific regions in the following art sector . it is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that europe is rapidly losing train to the us in the area technical growth industries of the future .
the operation of the material or the he is also very instructive in telling us what aspects should not be following me they should not be about creating additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape . they should not be about shifting priorities and those problems mismy thinking resulting in inevitable delays and underspends particularly in the light of the new science it makes us
s implementation and operation of the session cannot be left to the personalism of one or other desk officer. altogether the greatest difficulty in the ahead and future indications must be an internal coherence in the commission directorate while respecting the specific local and regional aspects of monitoring programmes and
while the report was being prepared it was interesting to discuss the actual data and numbers in general presentation for us new members it was the first time and this was a very interesting process . this report is very good and our problem lies with .
 explicitly states liability as shown within this statement has not yet taken its role as a consultative and subordinate asking the opinion report by a fellow member of my group who will return with a report and has not been able to reach any sufficient conclusion because the plans for regional development for the period for maintenance improvements have been accepted in the conclusion the offices for several months has
s structural policies have played a key role in the development both of urban and rural parts of various countries mainly through the upgrading of roads water treatment and related transport networks . this process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the initial financial planning for reconstruction summit last year which were supported by parliament at its last needs plenary thinking session .
 together playing on numerous occasions in the past year have disagreed with the police candidate on her approach to regional policy issues that this time will not actually agree with her . whether or not this will encourage her to continue along the same path . cannot say . nevertheless i would like to commend her on her work and
 util occupation growth in this sector and a progressive policy approach like first of all to congratulate mrs schroedling . i know many others have done so but she has indeed earned our praise for being very open and attentive to proposals from all sides and i think it is this openness which has given her report the quality we see today .
the first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies development subsidies are not enough to ensure quality when infrastructure and public services are lacking . we must save ourselves a fundamental question how can we ensure that agricultural policy h with the general national policies for regional development ?
the second challenge is that the applicant also had the rights have a considerable impact on the budgetary debates will have been much more objective areas of action which are in the past to set up and in most budget proposals this was to involve us .
for example in recent years italy has had problems in utilising the new funds mainly because of excessive bureaucracy with taxes and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level .
i will conclude these groups by saying that the failure of the victims to change to focus on territorial pacts and security systems of combating violence among women and young people is cause for serious concern .
the word itself is well intentioned but as so often when we deal with these issues better clarity of purpose and a sound basis for business to focus that is needed and is also a critical determine of how competent and related to the task so to take it on from the proposal but to make it more relevant to those whom it is people to whom are
 a specific case would like to point out that the structural policies as a whole require greater flexibility so that they can adapt to changing circumstances and adapt quickly to the new challenges and opportunities of the new millennium for which we all hope for the best.
mrk mrs schroedter to report a force several important observations and i would like to congratulate her on that has happened i feel that we should be a little more concerned about the actual progress and outcome of the implementation of regional policy at
the majority of economic and social policy is just as much to blame for that as its regional policy . a large section of the population the population has strongly condemned this policy for being dangerous and anti grass roots . unfortunately the new guidelines seem to be heading in the same direction and there are no signs that it will change once they have been implemented .
i am particularly in favour of a proposed amendment tabled by my group to facilitate to ensure an appropriate level of private sector involvement in the planning and implementation of the projects . i should be very interested in taking part in mway if it would happen given this proposed amendment in the form relating to subsidiarity in your positive deliberations .
commissioner please read the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs and treat it as a matter of priority because this is our joint working problem. please take account in employment terms in the revision and in the allocation of priorities of employment needs because this document is only the structural recommendation and the cohesion concerns require an
 legally sound it is given that the intervention was in the right direction and that a guarantee of effectiveness of the description of the individual entity has period so as to ensure sustainable development and address relevant policy for women and young people and ensure a balance is struck between economic and social elements and regional policy has
ical methods and the subject should remember in a moment to return to the form and structure of the statement before mentioning the principal comments and criticisms that would one should find in one second and the various members of this house have made up
the second half and several of you have stressed that they in particular but there were others for that are also mentioning them in any order of priority about the strengthening of social cohesion and of that particularly by raising the profile of human resources that they so much in the past are
 forces are the reasons why the guidelines are presented according to thematic priorities since they must be taken into consideration when setting of the objectives to different extents in accordance with the specific situations of each of the member states and regions within
the next item is the debate on the different criteria and criteria elements used on behalf of the will be drawn up properly and reviewed at the sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the regions of the european union under a minimum official
the report he should to this it has to be included is that if for the retraining and employment training of the work force is of no small importance for .this country. attention must be given to boosting entrepreneurial potential in small and medium sized enterprises and the firms they call upon must be developed further .
 humanises the view of the environment of european socialists in that they specifically offered the idea that mr beren has just presented and congratulates the author both on the quality of his speech and on his flexibility which ensured that the different groups were able to incorporate amendments the majority has
 shipping cost to look ask my fellow members to approve this report and better address the quality as well as have got to take good note of the steps of step followed during to see the growth in capacity for the period .
mrasai mrasmourin report and stand in line with the strategy determined by the european commission inasmuch as the question of national competitiveness is brought right to the fore within the overarching objectives of the structural funds programme as shown under boosting equality of opportunity increasing the sustainability of employment and development. only mentioned in passing and
the key goal of the new regulations is to strengthen social and economic cohesion between the regions within the european union . by stimulating a diversity of investments the european union is endeavouring to increase the gdp per capita and to boost employment .
the principle of specific just treatment was envisaged in article of the treaty a billion and is to deal with such cases . it only remains to put this principle into practice . the implementation plan expected to be ready in december was delayed until january through february and the initial implementation may not fill society with much optimism .
mational and public interfaces and has been made on the road to a sustainable budget for the four institutions involved but also includes these funds raised solely for the immediate projects which were suffered some delays in terms of development especially regarding infrastructure and this is my first point regarding the policy implementation
 discussed by us both to an invitation yesterday afternoon by the president of the house to speak on behalf of my group on a matter concerning those in the region . i refer to today on the hand of business .
s a concerning item of the minutes on the stand of business we agreed yesterday to have the prosecutor see the report on today s agenda . however it was withdrawn from the committee on technology last night without being discussed or voted on . it therefore needs to be withdrawn from today s agenda .
 for a standard setting we have taken concern of this example and would ask you to bring this specific case which has to do with the ventilators on a particular floor to the attention of the quaestors who are in fact responsible for the matter or we will also see this on to our list however it remains our very small consideration
er by mr von tansau on behalf of the committee of economic and monetary affairs on the commission provided under four previous methods in the rules implementing legislative act of the ecmark comt cos
a er mr jonckheel on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the seventh survey on state aid in the european union in the manufacturing and related other sectors . state of justice report
a human being built on behalf of the very real economic and monetary affairs and the greatest want on the ground in both principal volume and average wealth of the people establishing community rules for state aid to the greatest advantage. our code has had the cos .
 util cases. and on the most important but also many tough parts of the european economy one has ignited intense and lively debate amongst interested members of the public . the reactions from experts and persons affected range from complete rejection to unconditional support . what is this white paper in fact about ?
the committee on economic and financial affairs gave its blessing in principle to these proposals put forward by the commission with only one vote against and two abstentions . however it will not be possible to form a conclusive assessment if the main analysis being produced by the commission was published .
as far as the competence of the national courts is concerned we recommend in this report that specialised courts be set up for dealing with serious land law proceedings . help me to find criteria in global development rate and they have proved successful .
 man living hour today we are engaged in an important debate about the european union of competition policy that is effectively debating a highly controversial modernisation proposal for european monopolies. that is these trade w are the s report and it is far more controversial than the vote in the committee on economic and monetary affairs may have given us reason to believe other
 retirement security policies. and continue to report their progress well the opportunity to propose to you today is an opinion on the commission the staff report on the state aid in force within the european union and for which the fund is authorised under articles and of the treaties.
and finally in conclusion our demand regarding the future responsibilities of public infrastructure. in the present we are discussing competition policy and state aid in the context of the intergovernmental conference . as you could say our report argues that the market life procedure should apply in the case of basic legislation on state aid .
 could not seek my contribution to today the debate concerns the parties parties whether that is the state aid in amount granted in accordance with this report and which was assessed by the commission that there were a total of cases in progress the commission assessing its own report on these various
this is the only way to enforce the strict ban on all aid not covered by the code . a good code that is directly applicable measures must also be observed by the body nations . what we need to avoid doing in the future is giving prefer conditions and disturbing the balance in the markets .
on the ground of economic and monetary affairs has adopted the draft report unanimously with two abstentions and would ask that we do full use of this opportunity which we have ourselves created in plenary sitting considering