thank you so much, chris !
and it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this job first time i'm extremely grateful i
rethis means that sincerely, partly without mock, i hope that such
 we never talk in my life .
laughter was flew on in force after for eight years had
s now with some of these still read in or about to get on an airplane !
laughter applause, what like you one more story to illustrate what that's been like for me than
laughter it's a true story every bit of this is true .
there was no motorcade but there was
 man you've heard of the light color ?
 runway management includes a ribbon brand, with an
laughter it was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat with
 most year of year 40 year
we got off the board, we found a string without visible ford .
historically important restaurant chain, for those of you who don't know it,
we went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over tipper will
and she said yes, that's our vice president al gore and his wife, tipper's
and the lot us, he's come down a long way, hasn't he ?
laughter applause there's been kind of a series of epiphanies out
and i began the speech by telling them the story of what had just happened the day before in nashville .
nero my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home .
if an active on the plane until and during the middle of the night, the landed on the azores islands for refueling .
 you woke up, they opened the door, letting themselves out to get some fresh air, and i looked, and there was a man running across the runway,
and he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling a big washington one big washington one
and then thought to myself not in the least of the human, in the least of the atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in washington ?
it was printed in code then, i realized i
laughter three days later, i got a direct, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and in my case myself, saying, congratulations on the new restaurant partnership with me
laughter we need to celebrate each other's successes in life and
laughter i was going to talk about information ecology and
 but i was thinking that, since i plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to ted, that maybe i could talk about that another time if
applause chris and just it's a deal !
i want to start with a couple of i'm going to make some new images, and i'm going to recapitulate them on time and i
n update the slide show night time and give it down
if every moment works, because i work more about it every time i give it an
it's like beach combing, you know ?
every time the tide comes in and out, you find some more shells .
just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in january .
this is just what the united states of america has
historical average for january is about 32 degrees, last month was 29 .5 degrees .
now, i know that you had some more bad news about the environment i'm kidding i
but these are the recapitulation of us and then i'm going to go into new material about what you can do .
s i wanted to elaborate on a couple of these .
first of all, this is where we're projected to go with in the .s . contribution to global warming, such as as the .
efficiency and conservation it's not a cost, it's a profit it
the sign is not .
s are not that good for themselves .
but they are also very effective in deflecting our path within
cars and trucks are talked about that in the slideshow, but i want you to put it in use within
it's an easy, visible target of concern and it should be but there is more global warming pollution that comes from buildings than from cars and trucks and
cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world .
and so we should address that, but it's part of the puzzle .
over other information is as important as time and the length
renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can make this much of an
not quite there yet .
 campaign and now, what can you do ?
most of these expenditures are also profitable .
i mentioned automobiles buy a hybrid .
ing it because of the other options that are not exactly done
you have choices with everything you buy, and things that have a harsh environment, or a much less harsh environment on the global climate crisis may
 making this same a decision to live a carbon neutral life has
it is easier than you think .
a lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy .
n is a tool, .
participant productions convened with key active involvement of leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to produce a consumer friendly carbon calculator .
you can nothult what your comm is getting are, and then you will be suffering on to cut out
and by the time the movie comes out in person, this will be updated to 1 .0, and we will have were last shown of pattern .
next, consider making your business carbon neutral or
again, some of us have done that, and it's not as hard as you think it
integrate climate solutions into all of your communities, whether you are from the industry, or community, or design and architecture community .
a space that you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about divided by ceo management scale
 every time, people do what you pay them to do are
a lot more to be said about that and
teach others, learn about it, talk about it .
the movie is a movie version of one significant case, two nights ago, except it's a lot more entertaining even
and it comes out in right minute
many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it's
 plant sending only to nashville's
 once it's under a better air .
applause where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics when
we do not function as well students
this used to be a bipartisan issue, and i know that in this group it really is common
make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work .
support the idea of whether whether carbon dioxide emissions global warming pollution are generally present within
here's why as long as the biggest states is out of the world system, it's not a choice of others
help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring .
because presently, the politicians do not have permission to do what's to be done with
 people in our complex country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did,
ish are now productions of short, quick software, 30 second, 60 second television ads are
we have to buy a lot of those ads are
ies by the constant global warming, as many of you have suggested and
n1 climate crisis, of climate collapse, but again, those of you who are good at branding, i need your help on this .
somebody said the people we're facing now, a scientist told me, and then the years of development came at one and the notocortex is a viable, equivalent
 man that would stand by me
today, the republicans through this system will be put out
you have more influence than some of us who are democrats, you
not just this, but connected to the ideas that are here, to bring more coherence to them all
and in the m1, mr spectroscopy at the the end after all is shown in red you will see it diminishing after a year has
but the people in asia are starting to eat like we are, which is why they're starting to get sick like we are .
i have a doppelganger that
 have read this time it is a brilliant but slightly mad scientist in the dragonball time because he has
that's responsible for other's optical center  .
 teachers but in contrast to my evil twin who is also having the domination, my motives are not evil .
if this is impact in order to understand how far in policy
now wait a minute, you may know, how about you go straight to building the solution without understanding it first,
 1 after that, the space before the control light
central neuroscientists agree with this view and think that understanding will come from more detailed observation and analysis within
they really, if we could move the management of our neurons, we would know the brain development
but, for a moment what that means does
take a look at what brain activity might look like,
in this simulation, each black dot is one decision cell used
the dot is visible, a cell fires an electrical impulse if
there were 50,000 neurons here .
 set you're looking at is the way of the brain of a cockroach .
your brains are about 100 million times more complicated than
somewhere, in a pattern like this, is you, your perceptions, your emotions, your memories, your plans for the future .
but we don't know where, since we don't know how to read the hand .
we don't understand the code used by the brain brain
to make progress, we need to break the code out
so in this situation too, to decode the information contained in patterns like this, images alone won't do .
we need to rearrange the words in
in other words, instead of recording the activity of neurons, we need to see it again
 c's not yet that we can control the activity of all neurons in the brain, just at present
the more targeted our interventions, the better an
and i'll show you in a moment how we can update the system like that
and since i'm realistic, rather than grandiose, i don't claim that the ability to control the function of the nervous system will at once unravel all its mysteries or
but we'll certainly learn a lot by
now, i'm by no means the first person to realize how powerful a tool intervention is within
the history of attempts to tinker with the function of the nervous system is long and illustrious .
 paper dates back at least 100 years, to have visible, famous works in the late 18th century and beyond .
galvani showed that a frog's legs twitched when he connected the lumbar nerve to a source of electrical current he
this experiment revealed the first, and perhaps most fundamental, nugget of the neural code that  is written in the form of electrical impulses .
galvani's approach of probing the nervous system with electrodes has remained at the very most until today, despite a number of drawbacks that
sticking wires into the brain is obviously rather crude,
re's hard to do in animals that run around, and there is a physical limit to the number of wires that can be inserted simultaneously across
so around the turn of the last century, i started to think, wouldn't it be wonderful if we could take this logic and turn it upside down with
such an individual would literally, in a flash of light, overcome many of the obstacles to discovery through
first, it's clearly a non invasive, easy form of communication other
and second, just as in a radio broadcast, you can communicate with many receivers at once .
you don't need to, where these receivers are, and it doesn't matter if these receivers means just think of the cars in your car shop
ing gets even better, for it turns out that we can fabricate the building out of materials that are encoded in dna sense
 3 nerve cell with the right genetic makeup will spontaneously produce a decision that allows us to control its own development
i think you'll appreciate the beautiful simplicity of code this year
there's no closed ' gizmos here, just biology od . biology .
now let's take a look at these complex building up through an
as we are able on one of these time neurons, we see that its only membrane is also up with microscopic pores .
p11 code iri mock is i responsible for all the communication in the nervous system and
but these pores here are making an
they are coupled to light receptors similar to the ones in your eyes or
whenever a flash of light hits a receptor, the pore opens, an electrical current is switched on, and the neuron fires electrical impulses through
because the light to pore is encoded in dna, we can achieve incredible precision .