thank you so much, chris .
and it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this stage twice; i'm extremely grateful .
and i say that sincerely, partly because become homework i need that i
laughter never yourselves in my life's
laughter i flew on air force ge for eight years .
laughter now, been to take off my shoes or boots to get on some sick humans
laughter applause i'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me .
laughter it's a true story every bit of this is true .
there was no motorcade back there .
laughter i've heard of a limb pain ?
laughter this was a rented ford taurus .
 man it was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat .
we were, i 40 .
we got off the exit, we found a shoney's restaurant .
low cost family restaurant chain, for those of you who don't know it .
we went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over tipper's
and she said yes, that's former vice president al gore and his wife, tipper up
and the man said, he's come down a long way, hasn't he ?
laughter applause there's some kind of a series of epiphanies .
and i began the speech by telling them the story of what had just happened the day before in nashville i
i gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home .
i fell asleep on the plane until, during the middle of the night, we landed on the azores islands for neverueling .
i woke up, they opened the door, i went out to get some fresh air, and i looked, and there was a man running across the runway .
and he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, call washington ! call washington !
and i thought to myself, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in washington so
it was printed in monterey, i checked out
 conversations three days later, i got a nice, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and colleague read clinton, saying, congratulations on the new restaurant, al !
laughter we need to celebrate each other's successes in life out
laughter i was going to talk about information ecology .
but i was thinking that, since i plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to ted, that maybe i could talk about that another time .
applause chris anderson it's a deal !
i want to start with a couple of i'm going to show some new images, and i'm going to recapitulate just four or five present
i update the slide show every time i give it .
i add new images, because i learn more about it every time i give it an
it's like beach combing, you know ?
every time the tide comes in and out, you find some more shells .
just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in january and
this is standard for the united states of america .
historical average for january at is 31 degrees; last month was 31 .5 degrees .
now, i know if you wanted some more bad news about the environment i'm kidding .
but these are the recapitulation slides, and then i'm going to go into new material about what you can do .
but i wanted to elaborate on a couple of these .
first of all, this is where we're projected to go with the u . g . contribution to global warming, all business as usual individual
efficiency and conservation it's not a cost; it's a profit .
the sign is coming .
these are investments that pay for themselves .
but they are also very effective in deflecting our path through
cars and trucks i talked about that in the slideshow, but i want you to put it in total .
it's an easy, visible target of concern and it should be but there is more global warming pollution that comes from buildings than from cars and trucks .
cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world .
and so we should address that . but it's part of the puzzle .
other transportation efficiency is as important as cars and trucks .
renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can make this huge difference .
not quite there yet .
ok . now, what can you do ?
most of these expenditures are also profitable .
i mentioned automobiles tell a history .
figure out some of the other options that are much better .
you have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis .
consider me make a decision to live a carbon neutral life .
it is easier than you think .
a lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy part
there is a carbon calculator .
participant productions convened with my active involvement the leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to construct a consumer friendly carbon calculator .
you can and precisely calculate what your co2 emissions are, and then you will be given options to reduce .
and by the time the movie comes out in person, this will be updated to 2 .0, and we will have click through purchases of offsets .
next, consider making your business carbon neutral .
again, some of us have done that, and it's not as hard as you think .
integrate climate solutions into all of your innovations, whether you are from the technology, or entertainment, or design and architecture community impact
listen, if you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about quarterly report ceo management .
over time, people do what you pay them to do .
a lot more to be said about that .
teach others, learn about it, talk about it out
the movie is a movie version of the slideshow i gave two nights ago, except it's a lot more entertaining .
 that it comes out in needs are
many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it out
consider sending somebody to nashville .
and it's how they link together .
applause where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics ?
we need republicans as well .
this used to be a bipartisan issue, and i know that in this group it really is an
make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work .
support the idea of capping carbon dioxide emissions global warming pollution and trading it out
here's why as long as the united states is out of the world system, it's not a closed system .
help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring .
because presently, the politicians do not have permission to do what needs to be done .
and in our modern country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did .
it are now repetition of short, hot button, 30 second, 28 second television run out
we have to buy a lot of those ads .
let's the brand global warming, as many of you have suggested .
i like some trend instead of climate collapse, but again, those of you who are good at branding, i need your help on this .
somebody said the test we're facing now, a scientist told me, is whether the combination of an opposable thumb and a neocortex is a viable combination .
laughter that's really true .
again, the republicans here this shouldn't be partisan .
you have more influence than some of us who are democrats do .
not just this, but connected to the ideas that are here, to bring more coherence to them .
and in the mri and mr spectroscopy here, the prostate tumor activity is shown in red you can see it diminishing after a year or
but the people in asia are starting to learn like we are, which is why they're starting to get sick like we are .
i have a doppelganger's
laughter dr . gero is a brilliant but slightly mad scientist in the dragonball z android saga .
that's exactly what i do optical mind control .
laughter or in contrast to my evil twin who lusts after world domination, my motives are not sinister .
i control the brain in order to understand how it works .
now wait a minute, you may say, how can you go straight to controlling the brain without understanding it first ?
isn't that putting the cart before the horse ?
many neuroscientists agree with this view and think that understanding will come from more detailed observation and analysis .
they say, if we could record the activity of our neurons, we would understand the brain an
but think for a moment what that means .
take a look at what brain activity might look like .
in this simulation, each black dot is one nerve cell .
the dot is visible whenever a cell fires an electrical impulse .
there's 10,000 neurons here .
so you're looking at roughly one percent of the brain of a cockroach .
your brains are about 100 million times more complicated .
somewhere, in a pattern like this, is you, your perceptions, your emotions, your memories, your plans for the future .
but we don't know where, and we don't know how to read the pattern .
we don't understand the code used by the brain .
to make progress, we need to break the code out
so in this situation too, to decode the information contained in patterns like this, watching alone won't do .
we need to rearrange the pattern .
in other words, instead of recording the activity of neurons, we need to control it .
it's not essential that we can control the activity of all neurons in the brain, just some get
the more targeted our interventions, the better .
and i'll show you in a moment how we can achieve the necessary precision .
and since i'm realistic, rather than grandiose, i don't claim that the ability to control the function of the nervous system will at once unravel all its mysteries .
but we'll certainly learn a lot .
now, i'm by no means the first person to realize how powerful a tool intervention is .
the history of attempts to tinker with the function of the nervous system is long and illustrious .
it dates back at least 200 years, to galvani's famous experiments in the late 18th century and beyond .
galvani showed that a frog's legs twitched when he connected the lumbar nerve to a source of electrical current .
this experiment revealed the first, and perhaps most fundamental, nugget of the neural code that information is written in the form of electrical impulses .
galvani's approach of probing the nervous system with electrodes has remained state of the art until today, despite a number of drawbacks .
sticking wires into the brain is obviously norver .
it's hard to do in animals that run around, and there is a physical limit to the number of wires that can be inserted simultaneously .
so around the turn of the last century, i started to think, wouldn't it be wonderful if one could take this logic and turn it upside down ?
such an approach would literally, in a flash of light, overcome many of the obstacles to discovery .
first, it's clearly a non invasive, wireless form of communication .
and second, just as in a radio broadcast, you can communicate with many receivers at once .
you don't need to know where these receivers are, and it doesn't matter if these receivers move just think of the stereo in your car .
it gets even better, for it turns out that we can fabricate the receivers out of materials that are encoded in dna .
so each nerve cell with the right genetic makeup will spontaneously produce a receiver that allows us to control its function .
i hope you'll appreciate the beautiful simplicity of this concept .
there's no high tech gizmos here, just biology revealed through biology .
now let's take a look at these miraculous receivers up close .
as we zoom in on one of these purple neurons, we see that its outer membrane is studded with microscopic pores .
pores like these conduct electrical activity and are responsible for all the communication in the nervous system .
but find it here are special .
they are coupled to light receptors similar to the ones in your eyes .
whenever a flash of light hits the receptor, the pore opens, an electrical current is switched on, and the neuron fires electrical impulses .
because the fabric of pore is encoded in dna, we can achieve incredible precision .